For further learning in the Pluralsight library,
we first have Glenn and Mark's 70-697 course: Configure Networking.
There's great content here on Ethernet and TCP/IP in a Windows 10 context,
and they're able to devote an entire course to this subject matter,
and so it's very worth your time.
My own course, Networking for CompTIA A+ would be a good idea.
This is vendor neutral grounding, so I'm looking at Windows,
Mac OS, and Linux environments.
I'd also have you check out my colleague Ross Bagurdes and I,
we did a learning track on CompTIA Network+,
that's vendor neutral networking,
so actually there's quite a bit of networking in both the CompTIA A+ and the Network+ that is good remedial information for you.